---
title: Example: Ceres Observation Data
abstract: The Ceres observation data is a series of telescope measurements made by Giuseppe Piazzi of the dwarf planet Ceres. 
layout: inproceedings
series: Datasets of Machine Learning Research
id: lawrence18a
month: 0
tex_title: Ceres Observation Data
firstpage: 57
lastpage: 65
page: 57-65
order: 57
cycles: false
author:
- given: Neil D.
  family: Lawrence
originator:
- given Giusseppe
  family Piazzi
publisher: DMLR
genre: inproceedings
issued:
  date-parts:
  - 2018
  - 11
  - 01
data_locations:
- :
data_description:
data_files
extras: []
# Format based on citeproc: http://blog.martinfenner.org/2013/07/30/citeproc-yaml-for-bibliographies/
---

# Introduction

Early in the morning of New Year's day in 1801, the astronomer Giuseppe Piazzi made observations from the University of Palermo as part of his creation of a star catalogue. Each observation was confirmed by repeated measurement. Piazzi noticed that one of the starts was moving, he'd found a planet or a comet.

Uranus was discovered only 20 years earlier, appearing to give confirmation of the Titius-Bode law. Unbeknown to Piazzi an internaitonal search for a missing planet had recently been launched. Piazzi's object was in exactly the location expected for the missing planet, located between Jupiter and Mars.

Unfortunately, by the time Piazzi had published his data, the planet had been lost behind the sun. The original data was published in Monatiche Correspondenz [@]. This led to an international search to recover the planet. The planet was recovered almost exactly one year later [@] by Franz von Zach (editor of Monatliche Correspondenz) at a location predicted by Carl Friedrich Gauss [@]. 

In this paper we provide an electronic link to that data, instructions for loading the data into Python and a demonstration of fit to the data using numerical optimisation. 

# Data Collection Method

# Loading the Data

# Simple Analysis of the Data

# Conclusions

# References
